_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>École normale supérieure & Cosmian;</p>
    <p>Paris, France.</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Completing my PhD in cryptography at the *école normale supérieure* (ENS) of Paris and Cosmian.

<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `assets/img/` folder. -->

<!-- Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically. -->

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

cleaner looking; to do: posts, teaching, etc.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle:  Researching on Cryptography at the <a href='https://www.ens.psl.eu/'>école normale supérieure</a> and <a href="https://cosmian.com/">Cosmian</a>, Paris, France.  # <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: left
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>École normale supérieure & Cosmian;</p>
    <p>Paris, France.</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
news: false  # includes a list of news items
talks: true
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
teaching: false
reviewing: false
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Completing my PhD in cryptography at the *<a href='https://www.ens.psl.eu/'>école normale supérieure</a>* (ENS) of Paris and <a href="https://cosmian.com/">Cosmian</a>, advised by Pr. <a href="https://www.di.ens.fr/david.pointcheval/index.php">David Pointcheval</a>.
I was previously a Research Engineer in the Polynomial Systems (<a href="https://www-polsys.lip6.fr/">PolSys</a>) team of the <a href="https://www.lip6.fr/">LIP6</a> Computer Science Department of Sorbonne université (Paris). I studied General Engineering and Artificial Intelligence at the *<a href="https://www.ec-lyon.fr/">école Centrale</a>* of Lyon, after two years of *<a href="https://www.stanislas.fr/unite-pedagogique/classes-preparatoires/filieres/cpge-scientifiques/">classes préparatoires</a>* in Maths, Physics and Engineering.

<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `assets/img/` folder. -->

<!-- Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically. -->

My research interests are focused on Asymmetric Cryptography, with works on Verifiable Computations on Homomorphic Ciphertexts, Functional Encryption, Registration-Based Encryption and Key-Encapsulation Mechanisms. I am also working on Standardization at the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (<a href="https://www.etsi.org/">ETSI</a>) on behalf of <a href="https://cosmian.com/">Cosmian</a>.

<!-- Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->
